<h1>30MFF- CAMPUS CATS</h1>
<h2>Description</h2>
<p>The project is about campus cats and it is an initiative to capture the essence of these feline creatures in the university environment. The goal of creating a webpage to host a video that showcases a typical day in the life of the cats on campus is an excellent way to share the experiences of these beloved cats with a wider audience. The project not only promotes the visibility of the cats, but it also acknowledges their presence as an integral part of the public space of the NYUAD campus.</p>
<h2>Process</h2>
<p>The first task was to come up with an idea for the project. We decided to shoot the video of the cats in public spaces. To create the video, we had to plan and execute their task within a limited timeframe. The first step was to capture the cats in their natural environment, interacting with the public and their surroundings. The recording process took 15 minutes, and we had to be fast and efficient to capture the necessary footage. The next step was to edit the footage, and we had another 15 minutes to complete this task. The editing process required the selection of the most compelling footage and the trimming of the video to fit into a one-minute clip. The final video was a reflection of the campus cats and how they interacted with the campus residents.</p>
<p>The creation of the webpage was a significant milestone in the project. I had to experiment with various wireframes to determine the most suitable design for the webpage. I had to consider the positioning and alignment of the different elements on the webpage, such as the video player, the header, and the footer, among others. The final wireframe was the blueprint for the webpage's design, which I used to create a visually appealing and functional webpage.</p>
<p>A link to the Wireframe for the website is found below: </p>
<a href = "https://xd.adobe.com/view/2e95a716-ada6-4d1e-8e10-d03c648fcdf2-7bc6/">Wireframe</a>
<h2>Reflection</h2> 
<p>Looking at the wireframe, it becomes clear that the webpage strictly follows its structure. It was difficult, to implement simple design patterns like lines and circles and to their positioning right relative to other elements on the webpage. There were numerous times were i had to experiment with different code blocks to get the alignment and positon of sections right. I realized the design of webpages takens time and commitment and only becomes natural with practice.</p>
